Hi, everyone.
My name is Mike Brown, and welcome to my course,
Monitoring and Event Response on AWS for DevOps Engineers.
I am a senior cloud instructor working at Firebrand Training in the UK,
specializing in Amazon Web Services.
AWS is one of the biggest providers of cloud services today.
Most AWS projects include monitoring, logging,
and automation, so mastering these topics is vital for anyone working in AWS,
particularly if you're working in a DevOps team.
In this course,
we're going to look at monitoring and event response using some key AWS
services that you will have access to if you have an AWS account.
Some of the major topics that we'll cover include monitoring event response
with CloudWatch, CloudTrail and CloudWatch integration,
log management and archiving, automation, and self‑healing.
By the end of this course,
you'll have detailed knowledge of monitoring event response and understand
the key monitoring and event response services that you'll need to master in
order to be a valuable member of any DevOps team.
Before beginning this course,
you should be familiar with key AWS services and have an
understanding of the AWS DevOps tools. From here, you should feel
comfortable diving into AWS topics with courses on Infrastructure
Automation with CloudFormation,
Continuous Delivery with AWS Tools, and Monitoring and Logging in AWS.
I hope you'll join me on this journey to learn about monitoring and
event response with the Monitoring and Event Response on AWS for DevOps Engineers course at Pluralsight.